Adjust the note to refelect the reality (#2156)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/vhm.adoc

ifeval::[{suma-content} == true]
[NOTE]
====

> You must have a virtualization add-on subscription for each host with the Virtualization Server entitlement in SUSE Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have a virtualization add-on subscription for each host with the Virtualization Server entitlement in {productname}.
```
